The Joe Rogan experience. Everybody has their own awakening, you know,
and, and if some people may not have that in this life, you know,
they may never, they may never have that, that awakening, but some.
People are burdened by their environment as well. Right.
There's too much stress and anxiety and where you can't even say.
And you don't have space.
And that's why I even give a nod to the psychedelics in that respect. When,
when, if you don't have the ability to have that mental space,
there is something that can help have you have that, you know,
that insight that somebody who was, who was doing all the meditation,
because all you really need to do is feel it to understand why you need to do
yes. And, and that's why I was, I'm lucky that I was able to feel it.
So now it's nothing for me to meditate and, and go through all these, you know,
spiritual practice, because I know that it's something real,
but beforehand I was like, man, that is not real. Like,
I don't believe that man, like, oh, weird, you feeling energy, huh? Like, I,
I mean, I used to, I used to be one of those guys, but until I,
I went through it, I'm just like, you know, you don't have that understanding.
Well, it's hard to see the result. You kind of have to trust the process.
It's hard to see the result before you've experienced it.
You kind of have to trust the process, go through it. Then something for me,
for me, a big one is yoga. I'm,
I'm a big belief ever in yoga and not just for physical reasons,
for mental reasons. It helps me tremendously. And when I don't do it,
I'm good. I'm good. Like legitimately I should do yoga twice a week,
cuz I'm really only good for about three days after yoga class.
Like I need to, to just really balance out if I was doing it three times a week,
the is not a thing in the world looking with me. Yeah. Inter mentally,
I'd be like, I'm fine. Be fine. See, I.
I I've done. I've done the,
the Biram yoga mm-hmm <affirmative> and that was just so hot. I really couldn't.
I really couldn't focus. That's the key though. I know,
but that's that's but I wasn't, I wasn't where I am right now. Do it now.
So tell me, so tell me like, like when you, you go to Beram, you.
Do. Yeah. Yeah. Well, my, my place is not affiliated with beaker anymore. Okay.
Because he's uh, yeah. Got arrested for some scumbag he's he's,
<laugh> he's actually been arrested and I don't think he could come to America.
I think that's the thing. I think he's gotta like staying hiding, um,
that the thing about it at that guru life, that's the problem that it problem.
It really is a problem.
When any one person has that much influence over so many people,
particularly a male, having so much influence over females that worship him,
especially if you're a scumbag. And uh, he,
this is a thing about this.
He did not invent those postures and he didn't even invent that sequence.
He brought it to America and he popularized doing it in, in, in very hot rooms.
Uh, the benefits though, forget him,
take him outta the equation because there's so many people that practice it and
they've had incredible benefits from it. It's,
it's really unfortunate that it's connected to this very controversial
individual because then people associate Biram yoga with this guy. That's been,
you know, uh,
accused of multiple sexual assaults and rapes and all these different things.
But you take that away from him as a human being and the people that practice
it, what they get from it. First of all,
you know exactly what you're gonna do every day.
There's 26 postures and two breathing exercises,
one breathing exercise in the beginning, 26 postures,
one breathing exercise at the end. It's 90 minutes.
It's 90 minutes at 105 degrees and it's brutal.
And I did it right before I got here. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I do it. Uh,
I like to do it in the mornings. First thing in the morning,
I do it before I've eaten anything.
I go through a 90 minute yoga class or really like doing it that way.
And then at the end of the day, I have a couple different places that I do it.
I like to mix it up, but that hot yoga for me is the way to go.
Because first of all, it's I know the postures, they all,
they all serve a purpose in terms of like helping my body, helping my balance,
keeping my flexibility, strengthening my jaw.
There's so many really positive physical benefits from it. And then two,
the meditation aspect of it,
because no matter what kind of I have going on in my life,
if I just breathe and think about the exercise and then, you know,
my brain starts racing and I'll forget what I'm doing and I'll start thinking
about other, but I bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, breathe,
just breathe. You're not going anywhere for 90 minutes.
You're locked in this room. Literally the door's locked when the class starts.
Oh wow. So I am just breathing and going through these.
And I know that I can get through it cause I've done it a thousand times before
just breathe and get through it. And there's a cleansing of like all the,
your brain.
There's like residual there's residue of like thoughts bouncing around
inside your brain. Yeah.
Anxieties and fears and regrets and anger and frustration and all this
that's in your head. That just gets in the way of clear thinking.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it gets in the way of being able to see things in an
objective beneficial way and to be able to see things the way other people seem
as well. Like sometimes I, I, you know,
I have a issue and I think a lot of people do that.
I don't see how other people are seeing things. I see how I see, I see things.
Right. And then I go, well, okay, let me, let me look at it from their way.
Let me just abandon. Oh no, no. Well they're wrong. That's wrong.
Abandon all that. And try to look at it from other people's ways.
I feel like what yoga does for me is that loud allows me to be free.
It allows me to clean up all my preconceived notions and clean out all
my misconceptions and just see things, see things for how they are.
And I always feel better. Always see, I gotta try that. That's the best,
especially now that you're on this, uh, vegan diet,
I'm telling you you're on that path anyway, the yoga is,
it's just so good for straighten your head out, man.
I always wanted to try to the Colina yoga.
That's the that's supposed to make you trip. Yeah.
I've had a bunch of friends do it. They say, I, my friend Denny he's,
he's done it and had like se and he's done DMT too. He's like, dude,
it's the same thing. That's what you said. You have full blown visions.
You have full blown psychedelic visions.
Yeah. See, that's the thing like it, like when I like, when I do like, uh,
the DMTs, I don't have, like, I don't have, uh, it's weird.
I don't have like those visions, those visions.
Okay.
That's because you're doing five methoxy Dimeo trip to mean the visions come
from N N dime to me. Yeah. Yeah. Totally different thing. I've.
Done. I've I've done that.
I've done that before that you've done. N N yeah. And you have no visions. Um.
No, I, I, I have visions. It's kind of like, uh,
it's just like silly things though. Sometimes. Like I, like,
I I've seen like one time I did it.
I've seen like this half, like was like, uh,
I, I, I awaken I'm under place and I'm just with, uh,
these three massive beings, like tall as a building.
And they were like half human and they were half snake. And like,
I had a snake from the waist down and had,
and they were a human from the waist up, but had like a snake face. Whoa. Yeah.
And that's, that was one of the, the visions that I had.
What do you think that represented? I don't know,
but it was weird because during that experience, it was like, they were all,
like, I was all, three of them were staring at me and I,
and they were looking down and then one of 'em reached for me.
And then I started going up and then I started going around their body.
And then I went around the body. And then as I was going around the body,
every once in a while, I would see the face of, of, of it.
And it would like open up like a Cobra and then it would close,
but it wasn't scary. It wasn't terrifying.
And I went all the way up the body and it was like,
I was able to see from another angle,
like me up in the body. And, and then it like opened me up, like a,
like a, like a, a flower or something like that. It was weird.
And then my trip went like super, super fast. So.
You definitely have had visions. Yeah.
I just can't can't quite make out like what it, what's it supposed to.
Be? You what's this supposed to be?
I had a bunch of giving me the finger the last time, a bunch of, uh,
gestures like court.
I haven't seen nothing like that, man. It was ridiculous.
They're about, You all like,
like circling me like infinite numbers of, oh gosh.
Basically the feeling that I got was like, oh, I take myself too seriously.
And these gestures were just going, you. Like you don't like that.
You don't like when someone goes, you. No. So they were going, you.
And there was like, but they weren't saying the words,
but they were definitely giving me the finger,
but there was like an infinite number of gestures surrounding me going,
like giving me like this vibrating finger. It was, and I was like, oh, but,
but it was clear what they were saying like, Hey,
you take yourself too seriously. And then I was like, oh, you're right.
You're right. And wanted to help say you're right. They were like, no, at me,
like mm-hmm <affirmative>. Oh.
Okay. Okay. See, that's what I like. I like to be able to work like that's work.
Yeah. That's work right there. Like you went,
you went and you worked through something.
You know? Yes, yes.
Which I think when you work too hard at something and you're trying to achieve
something like, oftentimes you think very highly of yourself, like,
that's you like, I should, you know, my Netflix,
special's gonna be the I'm gonna, this is gonna be the best one I've ever done.
I'm gonna show everybody how good this is. And, and they were like, you.
And I was like, okay, all right. Yeah, you're right. Was like, you're right.
This is silly. That's like, I'm, I'm just alive for a certain amount of time.
And I shouldn't think that way. I mean,
I there's part of you that gets trapped in thinking that way,
because you're trying to do something,
but you don't have to think that way to do the thing. Right. You know, it's.
I, so, so that's the thing like, um, like those visions and being able to, like,
when I did iowaska, I didn't have any visions, man. I didn't have anything.
Like I, I had, I had a, I got into a pretty, uh, pretty good space,
but I wasn't like,
I didn't have like the typical teaching lessons everybody else has when they do.
Something like that. That seems like you probably it a strong enough.
Dose. No, I, well, I did. I did, um,
I did three large, two large cups. The thing is.
With that. And I'm speaking just from people talking to me about it.
Cause I've only done the pure DMT. I haven't done the iOS scan. Oh,
you haven't done iOS scan.
People say that a lot of these people that are making it not make either,
they're not making it correctly or they're making a light dose cuz they're
worried about gringos going crazy and you know,
and they don't wanna be responsible for that.
So I know people that have gone and they've had these experiences where they've
done it with, uh,
someone in America or someone who's done through a more commercial sort of
organization. And it wasn't really that at strong or profound.
And then they went, did it with someone who was real. Someone was making some,
super high grade, you know, 97 octane. And that's what I need. That's.
That's what I need. Cause I feel, I feel like after that I felt like, like,
I must be, I must be broke, man. I like, like I, like, I must be, I must be,
I must be broken. Like I can, like, I can't even feel the, the, the I Waka,
but it, it, it, um, it was, it brought like, it didn't,
it didn't give me the experience I, I wanted,
but it gave me the experience that I needed. Mm. You know? And that's,
and that's something that I, I got after.
I was like over the disappointment of it and was like, you know what?
I didn't get what on it, but I definitely got what I needed, you know,
because whenever you sit in circle and stuff like that,
it's always an amazing cathartic thing where you just kind of just like shed and
just go through those emotions. Mm. Uh,
just watching other people just be so raw with their emotions and just kind of
feeling that, you know, just, just through symbiosis,
you kind of like start to feel like the work come through you,
you know, that's, that's how I felt anyway.